WHO AM I?
Hey everyone!
My name is Farrel Aflagah. I am currently a junior at the University of Nebraska at Omaha studying Applied Computing & Informatics and Public Health. I’ve always been someone who's been good with computers and skilled with numbers, so it was a pretty easy choice once I got to college. Over time I began developing a passion for healthcare and the idea of doing more meaningful work than what occurs in the average tech space (not to say that work isn’t meaningful– just isn’t what I find myself wanting to pour my all into). This led me to a crossroads of wanting to become a Healthcare Data Analyst, a career which is a culmination of my math and computer skills and my passion for healthcare and doing impactful work.

WHAT I LIKE TO DO?
Outside of school, I have a ton of other fun passions– my favorite being traveling. I have loved traveling ever since I could walk. My family and I would take summer long trips to our home country, Togo, in West Africa. It was those trips that built my love for traveling. Once I was of age and could travel on my own and with my friends, I went anywhere I could think of: 
I traveled to Toronto, Canada to see Niagara Falls. I flew to Atlanta, Georgia to celebrate one of my best friends' birthdays. I drove to Kansas City, Missouri on an impulsive spring break trip my freshman year. A group of friends and I went to Fort Collins, Colorado to go white water rafting in the summer (where I actually hiked a mountain and got a haircut on the very top). Later that same summer, my friends and I went to Broken Bow, Oklahoma and rented out a boat and went tubing for hours. A few months later my best friend and I went back to Oklahoma, this time to Oklahoma City, to watch two former NBA MVP’s, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Stephen Curry, go head-to-head. Finally, the most recent trip I went on was with my college ministry: Salt Company. A group of about sixteen of us went down to Milwaukee, Wisconsin to help out with a church plant over spring break. All of these trips occurred over the course of about 25 months, which really speaks to how much I love to travel.

WHAT’S MY WORK STYLE?
In terms of my workstyle, I am a very Type-A person– which can sometimes be annoying to people (completely understandable). I am very much a planner and like to have things mapped out and very clearly delegated, because that’s just the way my brain works. Though I will say, I am also very adaptable. Over time I’ve realized that not everyone meshes well or frankly likes my Type-A approach to working and I’ve learned to become more adaptable, that way I am not overwhelming anyone. I try to see what style approach works best with the group overall and fit that style (but I’ll probably revert back to my Type-A self when I’m on my own). I am also someone who is willing to take the lead if necessary. There are times I enjoy taking the lead, and others where I am perfectly fine not doing so. But I've gained a pretty solid radar on when it’s necessary for me to take the lead (or just someone to take the lead in general) and other times where I can take more of a backseat. I believe I am a great delegator as well as super intentional. I love to make sure people have enough work to feel impactful, but not too much to feel overwhelmed, as well as checking in on them to make sure they can hold their weight. 
